# IoT Application Engineer Coding Test

There are three applications in this submission:
- Salary Conversion (`1_salary-conversion.html`)
- Sensor Aggregation (`2_sensor-aggregation.html`)
- Sensor Aggregation Simulation (`3_sensor-simulation.html`)

All apps are developed using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. No dependencies are needed to be installed before using the apps.

To open the app, just open (double-click) the HTML file of the app, The app will be automatically loaded in a browser. Any browser that supports JavaScript can be used. Please note that all HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files need to be placed in the same directory.

## Limitations
Due to CORS restriction that is imposed for security reasons, the browser cannot read from or write to local JSON files. Therefore, to read given JSON files, the files are hosted on the internet (in this case, my personal GitHub page).

The Sensor Aggregation Simulation app is also unable to write to local JSON file, so instead the JSON message is printed on the page to represent the data writing feature.

## Salary Conversion
The app reads three JSON files:
- User data (http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users)
- IDR salary data (https://ramhdi.github.io/json/salary_data.json)
- Exchange rate (https://api.exchangerate-api.com/v4/latest/IDR)

The USD salary data is generated by converting the IDR salary data, then both salary data are joined to the user data. The whole user data is displayed as a table according to the specified format.

## Sensor Aggregation
The app reads sensor data (https://ramhdi.github.io/json/sensor_data.json), then the data are grouped by room and day, and the statistics of the sensors on each day is displayed as a table. 

To group the data by day, the timestamp is converted to full date format, and the app computes the statistics of each sensor in each room on the selected day.

To use the app, select the date from the drop-down menu and press `Choose date`. The app will display the statistics of the sensors on the selected day.

## Sensor Aggregation Simulation
The app generates simulated random values with a period of 2 seconds and ~~stores~~ displays the simulation data as a plot and JSON string.

The app consists of six plots corresponding to each sensor (temperature, humidity) in each room.

To use the app, press `Start` to start generate random values, and press `Stop` to stop generate random values.
